Remove 4.2 revision section. Move items to 5.0. (#436)
pmix/pmix-standard: Chap_Revisions.tex

\pasteAttributeItem{PMIX_BREAKPOINT}
\pasteAttributeItem{PMIX_DEBUG_STOP_IN_APP}

\subsection{Deprecated constants}

The following constants were deprecated in v5.0:

\begin{constantdesc}
%
\declareconstitemDEP{PMIX_DEBUG_WAITING_FOR_NOTIFY}
Renamed to \refconst{PMIX_READY_FOR_DEBUG}
%
\end{constantdesc}

\subsection{Deprecated attributes}

> The following attributes were deprecated in v4.2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following attributes were deprecated in v5.0:
```

%
\declareAttributeDEP{PMIX_DEBUG_WAIT_FOR_NOTIFY}{"pmix.dbg.notify"}{bool}{
Renamed to \refattr{PMIX_DEBUG_STOP_IN_APP}
}

\subsection{Deprecated macros}

> The following macros were deprecated in v4.2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following macros were deprecated in v5.0:
```
